
--- CONTENT FROM: INTRODUCTION_FIRE SAFETY.pdf ---

[Page 1]
NEON SOLUTIONS                                                                                 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NEON SOLUTIONS 
                 Fire Safety & Security Systems 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[Page 2]
NEON SOLUTIONS                                                                                 
Page 2 of 11 
 
NEON SOLUTIONS Fire Objective: - 
      Fire & Safety services provider in the field of Fire Protection, 
      Detection and Annual Maintenance of Fire Fighting Systems. 
Introduction: - 
 
       We take this opportunity to introduce ourselves as the system 
integrators of fire protection and detection systems. We offer 
a comprehensive, integrated suite of services and solutions 
designed under one roof to meet your requirements. 
Services:- 
 Fire Hydrant System 
•      Automatic Fire Sprinkler System 
•      Automatic Fire Alarm / Detection System 
•      Fixed and portable fire extinguishers 
•      Clean agent fire suppression system 
•      Gas suppression system 
•      Deluge, water spray and Foam systems. 
SECIURITY SERVICE: - 
•      CCTV 
•      Fire Alarm system 
•      Public Address system 
•      BMS systems. 
About US:- 
• Maintaining the fire stations regards including the tech-     
  manpower and equipment. 
 
• Supply, erection and maintaining the fire hydrant  systems and    
  pump sets with auto control panel. 
 
• Supply and maintaining the fire vehicles. 
  Supply and maintaining the first aid fire fighting systems. 
 
• Supply, erection and maintaining the Fire Alarm systems (FDA),       
  Sprinkler systems, Public Address system including auto panel    
  and communication systems wherever necessary. 
 
• Supply, fabrication and erection of complete range of pipe lines. 

[Page 3]
NEON SOLUTIONS                                                                                 
Page 3 of 11 
Scope:- 
Our Main concept of business is to bring the Tech man power 
services and maintenance of fire equipment under one shelter 
including design, supply, and erection and commissioning of 
firefighting systems. We have very well experienced team of 
technical expertise and skilled manpower in above mentioned 
fields. 
Also, we provide both technical and non-technical manpower for 
annual maintenance of various systems or for periodical 
Maintenance as per customer requirements. 
 
Product List:-  
• Fire Hydrant System & Sprinkler System (piping) Designing, 
supplying and instillation. 
• Fire Detection and Alarm Systems 
 • Security 
• PA Systems 
 
• Supply of Fire & Safety Equipment’s.  
• Intelligent addressable & conventional. 
ACTIVE FIRE PROTECTION:- 
•WATER BASE SYSTEM 
 
• POWDER BASE SYSTEM  
• GAS BASE SYSTEM 
 
WATER BASE SYSTEM 
1.HYDRANT SYSTEM 
2.SPRINKLER SYSTEM 
3.SPRAY SYSTEMS 
4.FOAM SYSTEM 

[Page 4]
NEON SOLUTIONS                                                                                 
Page 4 of 11 
 
HYDRANT SYSTEM: - Fire hydrant installation consists of 
a system of pipe work connected directly to the water supply 
main to provide water to each and every hydrant outlet and is 
intended to provide water for the firemen to fight a fire. ... 
The Fire Hydrant Line is always kept pressurized with water. 
 
SPRINKLER SYSTEMS:- 
A sprinkler system consists of a water supply (or supplies) and 
one or more sprinkler installations, each installation consist of a 
set of installation control valves and a pipe array fitted with 
sprinkler heads. The sprinkler heads are fitted at specified 
locations at the roof or ceiling, and where necessary between 
racks, below shelves, inside ovens or stoves or below 
obstructions. 
A sprinkler has two functions to perform. It must first sense the 
heat, and must then provide an adequate distribution of water to 
control or extinguish the fire. Each function is performed 
separately and one is independent of the other except insofar as 
early detection makes extinction easier because the fire has not 
grown large. The classic use of the sprinkler is in the hot gas 
layer which forms beneath the ceiling of an enclosure in which a 
fire is developing.. 

[Page 5]
NEON SOLUTIONS                                                                                 
Page 5 of 11 
 
 
 
SPRAY SYSTEMS:- A special fixed pipe system connected to a 
reliable source of fire protection water supply and equipped with 
water spray nozzles for specific water discharge and distribution 
over the surface or area to be protected. The piping system is 
connected to the water supply through an automatically actuated 
Deluge Valve which initiates flow of water. Automatic actuation is 
achieved by operation of automatic detecting equipment installed 
along with water spray nozzles. There are two types of systems 
namely High Velocity Water Spray System and Medium Velocity 
Water Spray System. 
I) High Velocity Water Spray System 
 
High Velocity Water spray systems are installed to extinguish 
fires involving liquids with flash points of 65 deg. C (150 deg. F) 
or higher. 
It was found however that water applied in the form of the finely 
broken needles to create an emulsion possessed a high 
resistance to electric current. This equipment is now more or less 
standard for live oil filled electrical gear and is quite commonly 
installed for the protection of electrical equipment carrying 
voltage of 400 KV or more 
 
I) Medium Velocity Water Spray System 
Advance in technology have brought about much wider usage 
in industry of highly inflammable liquids, gases and solids. The 
fire problems so produced have requi red new thinking and 

[Page 6]
NEON SOLUTIONS                                                                                 
Page 6 of 11 
development of new technologies. With fire risks involving the  
lighter oils, liquefied petroleum gases and other flammable 
liquids with flash points below 65 deg.C it may not be possible or 
even desirable to extinguish the fire complet ely. Under such 
circumstances the aim is to achieve controlled burning. 
Adequate control of such fires and also protection of vessels and 
plant exposed to surrounding fire can be achieved by properly 
designed medium velocity water spray system. Cooling 
smothering and dilution play apart in varying degrees with such 
a system This type of system utilizes sprayers which produce a 
medium velocity water discharged with directional properties 
operating at a minimum water pressure of approximate 1.5 bar 
sprayers can be arranged for individual automatic operation or  
for automatic and manual operation in groups to command      
the plant or fire area concerned. Here again, the essence of   
the design is proper discharged pattern, careful hydraulic    
calculation and balance of flow and pressure. All systems are   
fitted with alarm equipment and monitoring devices as  
required. 
General Information 
Medium velocity water spray system has been developed and     
extensively installed for the following applications. 
For the protection of vessels, plant, and structures exposed to  
heat from adjacent and surrounding fires. 
 
 
 
 
 

[Page 7]
NEON SOLUTIONS                                                                                 
Page 7 of 11 
FOAM SYSTEM:- 
Foam for fire protection purposes is an aggregate of air -filled 
bubbles formed from aqueous solutions and is lower density than 
the ligh test flammable liquids. It is principally used to form a 
coherent floating blanket on  flammable and combustible liquid 
lighter than water and prevents or extinguishes fire by excluding 
air and cooling the fuel. It also prevents re -ignition by 
suppressing formation of flammable vapour’s. It has the property 
of adhering to surfaces, providing a degree of exposure protection 
from adjacent fires. 
Foam may be used as a fire prevention, control or 
extinguishments agent for flammable liquid tanks or processing 
areas. Foam solution for these hazards may be supplied by fixed 
piped systems or portabl e foam generating systems. Foam may 
be applied by foam discharge outlets, which allow it to fall gently 
on the surface of burning fuel or it may be introduced by other 
means. Foam may also be applied to these hazards by portable 
hose streams using foam noz zles, portable towers or large 
capacity monitor nozzles. 
 
 
. 
 
 
 

[Page 8]
NEON SOLUTIONS                                                                                 
Page 8 of 11 
POWDER BASE SYSTEM:- 
DRY CHEMICAL POWDER TOTAL FLOODING SYSTEM 
Description :  Dry chemical fixed pipe fire suppression systems 
are self-contained units, designed by factory trained personnel, 
consisting of a pressure vessel constructed to ASME standards, 
nitrogen cylinders , automatic detection devices and 
electric/pneumatic manual actuation devices. 
 
 
Gas Based System 
 
FM200 Gas Extinguishing: - 
FM-200® Fire Suppression agent was the first envir onmentally 
acceptable replacement for Halon 1301. FM -200® has zero ozone 
depleting potential, a low global warming potential and a short 
atmospheric lifetime. It is pa rticularly useful where an 
environmentally acceptable agent is essential, where clean up of 
other media  presents a problem, where weight versus 
suppression potential is a factor, where an electrically non -
conductive medium is needed, and people compatibili ty an 
overriding factor. 
 

[Page 9]
NEON SOLUTIONS                                                                                 
Page 9 of 11 
FM-200® is a colourless, liquefied compressed gas. It is stored  as 
a liquid and dispensed into the hazard as a colourless, 
eclectically non -conductive vapour that is clear and does not 
obscure vision. 
 
 
 
 
PASSIVE FIRE PROTECTION:- 
DETECTION ALARM: -Fire detection systems have 
increased in complexity and sophistication as 
technology has advanced. In particular, the 
increased computing power now available through 
the development of low-cost processors has enabled 
system designers to improve functionally through 
incorporating numerous features and options into 
the fire detection system, both in the detector head 
and in the control panel. However, not all 
installations will require the ultimate in facilities and 
features, and there is still a strong demand for 
relatively simple conventional systems. 

[Page 10]
NEON SOLUTIONS                                                                                 
Page 10 of 11 
There are four elements of a fire system :  
a) The Detectors 
b) The Control Panel 
c) The warning sounders and strobes 
d) Ancillary devices such as door closers and fan shut-down 
units. 
 
PROJECTS HANDLED:- 
1. Renewsys India Pvt Ltd                                                                -Hyderabad. 
2. Tvs Ware house                                                                            - Hyderabad. 
3. Apachi Foot wear India Ltd                                                         - Sullurpet. 
4. Ramky Environment                                                                     - Rapur. 
5.  M/s. KVR PRIME                                                                           – Manglagiri  
6.   M/s. Vijaya medical center                                                       – Vizag 
7. Mitrocum Pharma                                                                        -Khajipalli 
8.   M/s.PRASAD ORGANICS PVT LTD                                         –  APIIC,ONGOLE 
9.   M/s. Govt.Hospital                                                                   – Vijayawada 
10.   M/s.GODFREY PHILLIPS INDIA LTD                                    –   APIIC,ONGOLE 
11.    M/s.RANGA PARTICLE BOARD IND LTD                             –   KANDUKUR 

[Page 11]
NEON SOLUTIONS                                                                                 
Page 11 of 11 
12.    M/s.SATHYA EXPORT UNIT-1                                                –   ONGOLE 
13.    M/s.NEO CORBANS PVT LTD                                                –  NAYUDUPETA 
14.    M/s.B V S R ENGINEERING COLLEGE                                 – CHIMAKURTHY 
15.    M/s.VASAVI EDUCATIONAL SOCIETY                                           – CUMBAM 
16.    M/s.RAVEENDRA BARATHI SCHOOLS                                          – KADAPA 
17.    M/s.RAVEENDRA BARATHI SCHOOLS                                       – CHITTOOR 
18.     M/s.NARAYANA SCHOOLS                                                        – TIRUPATHI 
19.     M/s.CHAITANYA  SCHOOLS                                                          – KADAPA 
20.     M/s.BHASYAM SCHOOLS                                                    – YEMMIGANUR 
21. M/s. V R RESIDENCY  HOTEL                                                       –NELLORE. 
22. M/s. SRI GANANADHA HOTELS                                   – NELLORE. 
23. M/s. NUTRI BIO PHARMA                                              - NELLORE. 
24. M/s. MYCON PROPERTIES                                           - HYDERABD. 
25.  M/s. Anjaneya filling stations                                  – Siddipeta  
26. M/s. BIG SUNCITY HOTEL                                            - Sri City. 
27. Income tax office                                                       -Lakadikapul                                                      
Contact US 
M/s. NEON SOLUTIONS                  
 Office Address : 
 Krifal IT ventures Pvt LTD corporate office,  
20-917, BHEL, Old Mig, 
Serilingampally ,  
Hyderabad, Telengana.  
Mob: 9505913232 
E-mail: neonsolutions.official@gmail.com. 

--- CONTENT FROM: VLInfra Brochure_ON_v2.pdf ---

[Page 1]
DESIGN | INSTALL | SERVICE | AMC
Your Safety is Our Commitment

[Page 2]
VL Infra Fire & Security System Pvt Ltd is a leading provider of advanced fire safety and 
security solutions, serving residential, commercial, and industrial clients. We specialize in 
protecting lives, property, and critical assets with reliable systems built to meet the highest 
safety standards.
With a strong focus on innovation and customer satisfaction, we offer end-to-end services 
across a wide range of solutions, including:
• Fire Alarm Systems
• Fire Hydrant Systems
• Sprinkler Systems
• Gas Suppression Systems
• Water Leak Detection Systems
• Rodent Repellent Systems
• VESDA (Very Early Smoke Detection Apparatus) Systems
• CCTV Surveillance
• Access Control Systems
• Gas Detection Systems
• Public Address Systems
• 24/7 Monitoring Services
We combine cutting-edge technology with industry best practices to deliver customized, 
compliant solutions. Backed by a team of experienced professionals, VL Infra ensures reliable, 
efficient, and effective protection for every project.
At VL Infra, we don’t just provide safety systems — we deliver peace of mind.
Introduction

[Page 3]
Our intelligent fire alarm systems 
provide early detection and quick 
alerts to ensure fast emergency 
response. Available in conventional and 
addressable models, they’re tailored to 
fit residential, commercial, and 
industrial setups. Seamlessly integrates 
with fire suppression and building 
management systems. Enhances safety, 
minimizes risk, and ensures regulatory 
compliance. Reliable protection when 
seconds matter most.
Fire Alarm Systems
Our fire hydrant systems deliver high-
pressure water supply to combat large-
scale fires effectively. They include pumps, 
pipes, valves, and hoses built to the latest 
fire safety standards. Ideal for factories, 
warehouses, and high-rise buildings with 
wide coverage needs. Designed for 
durability, performance, and easy 
maintenance. A critical component in any 
comprehensive firefighting setup.
Fire Hydrant Systems


[Page 4]
Automated sprinkler systems 
activate instantly to control fire at 
the source. They reduce fire spread 
and protect lives and property with 
efficient water discharge. Custom-
designed using hydraulic calculations 
for accurate coverage. Perfect for 
offices, malls, residential complexes, 
and industrial units. Reliable, 
compliant, and life-saving by design.
Sprinkler Systems
Our gas suppression systems offer fast, 
residue-free fire control without using 
water. Ideal for sensitive spaces like data 
centers, server rooms, and control panels. 
We provide FM200, Novec 1230, and CO₂-
based systems tailored to your needs. 
Quick-acting, safe for equipment, and 
environmentally friendly. Keeps downtime 
and damage to an absolute minimum.
Gas Suppression Systems


[Page 5]
Prevent costly damage with our 
real-time water leak detection 
systems. Smart sensors detect 
even the smallest leaks in critical 
zones. Instant alerts enable quick 
action before issues escalate. Ideal 
for BMS areas, data centers, and 
equipment rooms. Protects assets 
and infrastructure from unseen 
water threats.
Water Leak Detection Systems
Protect your critical systems from rodent-
related damage with ultrasonic repellents. 
Chemical-free and maintenance-free, they 
emit high-frequency sound to deter pests. 
Safe for humans, continuous in operation, 
and easy to install. Ideal for control panels, 
cable ducts, server rooms, and factories. 
Cost-effective protection for cables and 
electrical infrastructure.
Rodent Repellent Systems


[Page 6]
Monitor and protect your premises 
24/7 with high-definition CCTV 
systems. From entry points to large 
industrial areas, we design coverage 
for all needs. Systems feature night 
vision, motion alerts, and remote 
access via mobile. Customizable for 
residential, commercial, and 
industrial setups. Your eyes, always 
on—no matter where you are.
CCTV Surveillance
Detect flammable, toxic, or hazardous 
gases with real-time accuracy. Ideal for 
chemical plants, industries, basements, and 
confined spaces. System triggers alarms 
and can integrate with ventilation or 
shutdown controls. Available in fixed or 
portable models with customizable 
settings. Protects people, processes, and 
environments from invisible threats.
Gas Detection Systems


[Page 7]
Broadcast announcements, alerts, 
or emergency instructions with 
clarity. Zone-based or centralized 
control available for different 
facility types. Crystal-clear sound 
coverage even in large or noisy 
environments. Integrated with 
alarm and evacuation systems for 
full coordination. Perfect for 
schools, malls, industries, and 
commercial buildings.
Public Address Systems
VESDA (Very Early Smoke Detection 
Apparatus) systems detect smoke particles 
far earlier than traditional detectors. They 
continuously sample air to provide the 
earliest possible warning of fire. Perfect for 
data centers, telecom facilities, clean 
rooms, and archives. Reduces false alarms 
while ensuring maximum fire 
preparedness. Critical protection for 
mission-critical environments.
VESDA Systems


[Page 8]
Why Choose Us
Comprehensive Fire & 
Security Solutions
24/7 Monitoring and 
Support
Compliance with National 
& International Standards
Tailored Solutions for Residential, 
Commercial and Industrial Clients
Strong Focus on Reliability, 
Safety and Customer 
Satisfaction
Experience & Certified 
Professionals

[Page 9]
Contact Us
+91 - 93465 13232
sales@vlinfra.in
vlinfra.in
H. No.: 60 – 09/8/3, Patwari Enclave,
Near Gowthami College, Chintal,
Hyderabad - 500054
